[GettingStartedEmio] Adds calibration documentation (#23)
SofaComplianceRobotics/docs-support: docs/Users/Emio/getting-started-with-emio.md

        <figcaption>(1) Motor's zero position (orange marker pointing upward) </figcaption>
    </div>
    <div>
        <img className="centered" src={motor_cap2} width="90%" alt="Emio motor with the cap rotated and the leg attached to it and pointing downward"/>
        <figcaption>(2) Rotate the cap until the leg can be attached </figcaption>
    </div>
    <div>
        <img className="centered" src={motor_cap3} width="90%" alt="Emio motor with the cap rotated back to lock in the leg"/>
        <figcaption>(3) Once the leg is in place, rotate the cap again to lock it </figcaption>
    </div>
    <div>
        <img className="centered" src={motor_cap4} width="90%" alt="Another example of position for the leg, pointing upward instead"/>
        <figcaption>(4) The leg can be adjusted to different positions </figcaption>
    </div>
</div>

:::note
Throughout the lab sessions, you will be instructed to configure Emio into specific setups. Simply follow the 
provided instructions by clicking on *Set up Emio*. We use colors to refer to the legs and connectors, and numbers to identify the motors.
:::

> ## Calibrating The Camera
> The camera calibration is required for some labs. It allows to calculate the transform from the camera image to 3D points into the Emio reference frame. The Emio API (included with Emio Labs) comes calibrated but the calibration can vary based on if the camera has been moved. 
> 
> If you notice that the markers are too far from the reality, you might need to recalibrate the camera.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Calibrating The Camera
The calibration allows to calculate the transform from the camera image to 3D points into the simulation reference frame. The Emio API (included with Emio Labs) comes with a default calibration, but it can vary based on if the camera has been moved. 

If you notice a large difference between the simulation and reality markers, you might need to re-calibrate the camera.
```

### Set up Emio
You will need:

- (1) the Aruco marker 
- (2) two green markers

> - (3) the blue supports to raise the platform

Author: ```suggestion
- (3) the blue elevators to raise the platform
```

> To set up Emio for calibration, follow these steps:
> 1. raise the platform using the blue supports on the beam
> 2. place the Aruco marker on the platform so that the small arrow points to the camera
> 3. place two green markers in the slots of the Aruco marker
> 4. plug emio to the computer and to the power supply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Emio for calibration, follow these steps:
1. Raise the platform with the blue elevators.
2. Place the Aruco marker on the platform, arrow facing the camera.
3. Insert two green markers into the Aruco marker slots.
4. Connect Emio to the computer and power supply.
5. Turn on Emio.
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Calibration Process

Regardless of the method you use to start the calibraiton, the process will start by opening several windows, including a _Calibration_ window and a _HSV_ window.
<div style={{display: "flex", columnGap: "1em"}}>
    <div>
    <img className="centered" src={calib_window}  alt="The calibration window with the aruco marker being tracked."/>
    <figcaption>
    The _Calibration_ window displays the corners and other points detected by the camera.
    </figcaption>
    </div>
    <div>
    <img className="centered" src={calib_hsv_window}  alt="The HSV window with the result of the green markers tracking."/>
    <figcaption>
    The _HSV_ window displays the 3D position of the two markers in the frame of the camera (first line) and in the simulation frame (second line).
    </figcaption>
    </div>
</div>

The calibration ends when the _Calibration_ window closes and the _HSV_ window displays the position of the the two markers.

To make sure the calibration is successful, you can check the simulation coordinates of the markers in the HSV window:

> - The top marker should  be at around `(32, -230, 32)`
> - The bottom marker should be at `(-32, -230, -32)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The top marker should be at around `(32, -230, 32)`
- The bottom marker should be at `(-32, -230, -32)`
```
